---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cato_bgp_peer Resource - terraform-provider-cato"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The cato_bgp_peerresource contains the configuration parameters necessary to add a BGP peer to a Cato site. Documentation for the underlying API used in this resource can be found at mutation.site.AddBgpPeerPayload() https://api.catonetworks.com/documentation/#definition-AddBgpPeerPayload.
---

# cato_bgp_peer (Resource)

The `cato_bgp_peer`resource contains the configuration parameters necessary to add a BGP peer to a Cato site. Documentation for the underlying API used in this resource can be found at [mutation.site.AddBgpPeerPayload()](https://api.catonetworks.com/documentation/#definition-AddBgpPeerPayload).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cato_bgp_peer" "bgp_peer" {
  site_id = "12345"
  name = "vWAN BGP connectionn"
  cato_asn = 65000
  peer_asn = 65100
  peer_ip = "10.0.0.1"
  metric = 150
  default_action = "ACCEPT"
  advertise_summary_routes = true
  advertise_default_route = false
  summary_route = [
    {
      route = "1.1.1.0/24"
      community = [
        {
          from = 65005
          to = 65010
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      route = "1.1.2.0/24"
      community = [
        {
          from = 65015
          to = 65020
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
  bfd_settings = {
    transmit_interval = 100
    receive_interval = 100
    multiplier = 10
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cato_asn` (Number) The AS number of Cato's BGP endpoint.
- `default_action` (String) Default action for routes not matching filters (ACCEPT or DROP).
- `name` (String) Name of the BGP configuration entity
- `peer_asn` (Number) The AS number of the peer BGP endpoint.
- `peer_ip` (String) The IP address of the BGP peer, this is the configured ip from the Site->IPSec Tunnel (Primary or Secondary)->Private IPs->Site
- `site_id` (String) Site Id

### Optional

- `advertise_all_routes` (Boolean) Advertise all routes if true.
- `advertise_default_route` (Boolean) Advertise the default route (0.0.0.0/0) if true.
- `advertise_summary_routes` (Boolean) Advertise summarized routes if true.
- `bfd_enabled` (Boolean) Enable BFD for session failure detection if true.
- `bfd_settings` (Attributes) Required BFD configuration if BFD is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bfd_settings))
- `hold_time` (Number) Time (in seconds) before declaring the peer unreachable.
- `keepalive_interval` (Number) Time (in seconds) between keepalive messages.
- `md5_auth_key` (String, Sensitive) MD5 authentication key for secure sessions.
- `metric` (Number) Route preference metric; lower values are given precedence.
- `perform_nat` (Boolean) Perform NAT if true.
- `summary_route` (Attributes List) Summarized routes to advertise. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--summary_route))
- `tracking` (Attributes) Configuration for tracking the health and status of the BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tracking))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the BGP peer.

<a id="nestedatt--bfd_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bfd_settings`

Optional:

- `multiplier` (Number) Number of missed BFD packets before considering the session down.
- `receive_interval` (Number) Time interval (in milliseconds) in which this peer expects to receive BFD packets.
- `transmit_interval` (Number) Time interval (in milliseconds) between BFD packets sent by this peer.


<a id="nestedatt--summary_route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `summary_route`

Required:

- `route` (String) Subnet of the summarized route to be advertised.

Optional:

- `community` (Attributes List) Community values to associate with the summarized route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--summary_route--community))

<a id="nestedatt--summary_route--community"></a>
### Nested Schema for `summary_route.community`

Required:

- `from` (Number) Start of the community range.
- `to` (Number) End of the community range.



<a id="nestedatt--tracking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tracking`

Optional:

- `alert_frequency` (String) Frequency of health alerts.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if tracking is enabled.
- `subscription_id` (String) Subscription ID associated with this tracking rule.
